okay guys so I just got hellofresh
for the first night I've really been
wanting to try this out I keep seeing
all these abs for all of these like meal
service kit and I'm always looking for
good like healthy recipes to try and so
I wanted to try it and just get some
good ideas and see if I liked it so they
deliver it in like a refrigerated box I
am NOT sponsored by hella fresh at all I
paid for this with my own money I did
get $30 off my first order they they
give that to everyone or I'll leave a
link down in the description where you
can also get $30 off your first box
comes in this refrigerator box and I had
this sitting outside for maybe like an
hour or two I didn't I didn't know when
it came so it's been sitting for a while
so I'm gonna open it up and make sure
like it's supposed to be refrigerated
and it's kind of cold but I'm gonna open
it up and see if it's really good and
cold inside okay so this is what it
looks like we've got all the nutrition
information here's the recipes pronto
pasta turkey stuffed peppers buttered up
steak and this hearty chili okay so
[Music]
click seal it's really so I ordered for
meal so it looks like all the meat is
like on the very bottom next to an eye
pack so everything down here is like
really cold like this is like frosty is
super cold and this is like seriously
block of ice so it was not a big deal at
all to have this out on my porch for two
hours so I've ordered four meals but I
wanted to do order four meals I'm gonna
try them the next over the next four
days and I want to make sure that all
the ingredients stay really fresh
[Music]
here's everything that comes in this is
the pronto pasta on my treat cheese can
of tomatoes peas and onion
plain cream cheese food and there's also
this little packets of Italian seasoning
and then also this dice and setup and
also this pasta okay so there you have
it this is the pasta dish he looks
pretty good
didn't take very long like 25 maybe 30
minutes the recipe says 20 minutes but
it did take me a little bit longer and
as you can see here this is two servings
but that's a lot of food and it's easily
enough for my husband's lunch tomorrow
this recipe does call for like crushed
tomatoes but it came with a can of whole
tomatoes so it actually has you crushed
them with your hands and it seemed to me
like they were still not really small
enough I feel like it should come with
actual crushed tomatoes instead of whole
tomato it's the only complete I would
have now we're gonna give it a try and
see what it tastes like Mel's really
good so one dinner down and I will say I
am very impressed pretty well-balanced
healthy meal very long my husband liked
it
it was something different something
that I don't normally cook and my
husband is like a meat and potatoes kind
of guy and he really liked it too so I'm
gonna give this one a thumbs up but I
summon three more recipes to try so I
will follow up with you again tomorrow
hey guys so today is day two of
hellofresh and today we're gonna have be
having one pan a hearty pork chili looks
pretty good I'm gonna show you all the
ingredients that came to things of sour
cream
taking the garlic some tribes portobello
pepper seasoning cheese chicken bouillon
crushed tomatoes why weren't these
included in yesterday's recipe that
would have made it way easier than
digging my hands in there and scrunching
it but it looks good crushed Tomatoes
kidney beans and meat this one says that
it takes ten minutes of prep and 35 a
minute we're gonna get started see how
it goes one thing you do want to say
about the produce is it all looks really
good like it looks totally fresh it
doesn't like wilt it at all
and I was kind of worried about that
like after it sits in the fridge for a
couple days and it's already traveled
for probably a day or two I was kind of
worried about things like not looking
good I mean this garlic has even pilled
and everything and it looks super fresh
so here is tonight's dinner after it's
all done and look there's still a little
bit more easily enough for a lunch
tomorrow it cooked pretty fast
everything was easy now we just got to
taste it and see if it tastes okay
[Music]
so today is turkey stuffed peppers we've
got our spices we've got sour cream
bryce cheese onion a lime cilantro two
peppers some ground turkey corn and
diced tomatoes I like that they have no
salt added in all of these that's good
they don't need extra salt so we're
gonna go ahead and get started and make
this beautiful meal cilantro I would say
is not the freshest everything else has
been super fresh and looks great but
cilantro I'm gonna have to pick a bunch
out of it I mean it's not too bad but
there is some that I'm enough to pick
out there no it is day three of being in
the fridge didn't quite last the whole
time okay so I've got to make sure all
together and I'm starting to fill the
peppers to me it seems like the peppers
are way too small the picture shows
pretty big peppers so here's how it
turned out I think it looks really good
I taste a little bit it tastes delicious
is when I'm definitely excited about
turns out peppers don't really matter if
they're that big would be way too much
food if the peppers were huge so I think
it's gonna be fine I will say
yesterday's serving size came with two
sour cream packets and this one only
came with one but it should be plenty so
we'll give it a try and let you know
what it's like here's the verdict quite
a bit leftover I can easily make that
into a lunch for tomorrow so stuffed
peppers we're super good right
definitely hit definitely a hit in this
house now my complaints about the
peppers being too small and the cilantro
not being perfectly fresh I had way more
cilantro than I actually needed so it
was fine if I picked out few leaves it
wasn't a big deal and the peppers it was
good that they were small because then
it wasn't too filling so I am totally
gonna give this one a thumbs up
here's our third and final meal buttered
up steak looks super good
they've got potatoes green beans garlic
this little mustard packet some Italian
parsley and the steak beef sirloin steak
when you get your box
maybe check for any herbs and the meals
that have herbs in it I would maybe do
those first cuz yesterday the cilantro
looked a little bad and today to call it
parsley it looks a little bad so here is
my final review on the hello fresh
recipes I loved it it like every single
recipe was super good they were all
pretty healthy they all had plenty of
food for a little bit left over none of
them we were hungry afterwards I think
the thing that I enjoyed the most about
it was I didn't have the meal plan that
week I had a lot going on that week with
my business it was like like cyber week
that's like one of my busiest times of
the year with my IT business it was so
nice to not have to plan any meals just
every night like I could just go into
the kitchen pull off that bag whip up a
good home-cooked meal and it was great
so I think that's the thing that I
really liked the most about it is this
something that I would do all the time
probably not because it's expensive it's
like way more expensive then just go
into the store and meal planning your
own meals however I will do it maybe
like every six weeks or every other
month because it's a great way to get
more recipe ideas like every one of
those recipes was a great idea and since
then so it's been a week since I did it
I cooked several of those meals myself
and just grabbed a few extra things from
the store because a lot of them are
things that I kind of already have I
really liked just getting more ideas for
recipes doing it during a week that I
was just really slammed and didn't have
really much time to cook so I would
totally recommend it if you like have
family coming into town or if you have a
week that you are just not gonna have
time and you know you're gonna have to
eat out a whole bunch I would totally
recommend just ordering pile of fresh
because they're easy like 30 to 45
minute meal they're quick they're
healthy you don't have to plan them
and they were really great you guys want
to get $30 off your first order I will
have a link down in the description you
can use that link and you'll get $30 off
your first order you guys like this
video give it a thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe to my youtube
channel I'm gonna start doing more
videos like this of things that I really
enjoy and things that I purchase with my
own money so not like sponsorships
things that I actually use and purchase
with my own money click the subscribe
button and also click the bell so that
you can be notified when I release a new
video have a great day
[Music]